A proof-of-concept/experiment re: issue tracking within a git repo.

We currently give things both 'id' in the name and an 'id' field.
they might not need the id field if the id is in the name. it's probably
better to have it in the name to avoid merge conflicts.

Similarly, we determine what type of thing a thing is by putting it in
a directory for that thing, but we also include that in the filename.
maybe we don't need both.

I've used StoryBoard's naming for things because it's a mapping I'm very
familiar with. For now, please read:

intents -> Intents (sometimes known as 'epics')
stories -> Requirements (smaller goals)
tasks -> task (specific work to meet goal)

Historically, stories are used as bug-reports or feature requests,
and so convey a small goal ('fix bug foo', 'support for x');

intents are used to group stories (goals) and/or tasks that fulfil the same,
bigger goal (they are flexible and can be used for other things, but that's the
bit that's relevant to us here);

tasks are some concrete unit of work, generally a specific code change to some
repo;



projects (not used in our current mapping) are affected git repos, so roughly
mean 'area of the codebase organised around some purpose'. They are associated
with *tasks*, not with stories. Our setup currently only assumes one project
(the repo in which the tracking information lives), which is why these are
unused here.

project groups (not used again) group different git repos relating to the same tool, eg: [bugtracker api, web interface for bugtracker, console interface for bugtracker, config scripts for bugtracker]. they don't do anything interesting;
it's just for ease of browsing.

boards (also unused) allow one to group intents according to the same
 meta goal, and move stories and tasks between intents.

The requirementboard mapping goes:

many tasks to one requirement
many stories to many intents
many tasks to many intents
many stories/tasks to many intents

So a task has a requirement id. the other objects have separate tables that track
which are mapped to which
